{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fnil\fprq0\fcharset2 OpenSymbol{\*\falt Arial Unicode MS};}{\f5\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans CJK SC;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Serif CJK SC;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lohit Devanagari;}{\f9\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Lohit Devanagari;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s3\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs28\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\f3\fs28\b\dbch\af7 Heading 3;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\rtlch\af4 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\f4\dbch\af4 Bullets;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af5\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f5\fs28\dbch\af6 Heading;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af9 \ltrch\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af9\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af9 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.6.2.1$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/56f7684011345957bbf33a7ee678afaf4d2ba333}{\info{\creatim\yr2023\mo11\dy15\hr18\min27}{\revtim\yr2023\mo11\dy16\hr8\min59}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Page Style;}}
\formshade\nobrkwrptbl\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgndec\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Jeffery McDonald Ralston}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
2/3 36 Towerhill Rd}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Knightswood}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Glasgow, G13 2HR}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
15-Nov-2023}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Dear Anthony,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
In response to your written interview questions;}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs28 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\fs28\loch
Education}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
At school I got Physics A, Maths B, English B, Chemistry C and History C and I was one of the top students. It was a school from neighbourhoods with low/no income with all the associated problems }{\loch
that brings}{\loch
. Educationally, they only taught about two thirds or the courses; a fact you only discovered when you sat the exam and were asked questions on things you\u8217\'92d never heard of. It was a hellish place }{\loch
that}{\loch
 I dreaded every minute of, }{\loch
and}{\loch
 }{\loch
t}{\loch
he best day of school was the day I left.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Despite this, I managed to get exam results that were good enough to get into University, and I got a job with GEC Marconi where I did a part-time BEng Degree in Software Engineering at Edinbugrh Napier University }{\loch
covering programming in C/C++, Networks and Communications, Relational Databases and the full software life-cycle. }{\loch
I did reasonably well and passed all the exams }{\loch
without any problem}{\loch
, generally A\u8217\'92s and B\u8217\'92s with a couple of C\u8217\'92s and finished second top in my class for Mathematics.  }{\loch
I then went on to work for }{\loch
GEC}{\loch
 }{\loch
f}{\loch
ull-}{\loch
t}{\loch
ime, as a Junior Software Engineer.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Over the past year I have also taken courses in Programming with HTML, JavaScript and CSS with IBM, Web Development in Python and JavaScript with Harvard, and Relational Database design using MySQL with UNAM.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs32 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\fs32\loch
Web }{\rtlch\afs32 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\fs32\loch
E}{\rtlch\afs32 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\fs32\loch
ngineering }{\rtlch\afs32 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\fs32\loch
E}{\rtlch\afs32 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\fs32\loch
xperience}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
In my experience I think that }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Django}{\loch
 is an excellent Framework for developing }{\loch
apps and }{\loch
back-end servers and API\u8217\'92s in }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Python}{\loch
. It has incredible power to serve database requests and dynamically render HTML on the server for Client applications written in JavaScript or Frameworks like Vue or React. I }{\loch
also think}{\loch
 that Node Package Manager (}{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
NPM}{\loch
) is a tremendous resource of packages and libraries, and I\u8217\'92m currently developing an App that uses Cropperjs from NPM to allow users to upload images and Manipulate them inside the Browser. }{\loch
Having access to packages like this saves an enormous amount if time.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I have been using JavaScript and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
CSS}{\loch
 regularly for a few years and over the last year I have been developing Apps with them on a daily basis. I use CSS and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
SASS}{\loch
 to create the front-end design, animations and transitions with JavaScript being used to handle browser events and fetch dynamic content from the Django/Python server through the API. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Typescript}{\loch
 is a superset of JavaScript that is strongly typed and has extended object-oriented features. }{\loch
Unlike JavaScript it doesn\u8217\'92t run in the browser, instead}{\loch
 its transpiled into JavaScript so any }{\loch
type }{\loch
errors are detected early. So far Ive }{\loch
had no cause to }{\loch
use it, but I could }{\loch
learn the additional features and }{\loch
swi}{\loch
tc}{\loch
h from JavaScript to Typescript if necessary. }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
React}{\loch
 is a JavaScript framework for implementing and dividing  }{\loch
the }{\loch
App functionality into different components. These components along with state data can then be handled through the React Framework to provide a dynamic and interactive User Interface. React is something Ive so far only dabbled with, but it\u8217\'92s certainly something I would be able to pick up }{\loch
if needed}{\loch
. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Python}{\loch
 is a language that I would say I\u8217\'92m fairly comfortable with, and have been using it to code all of the Apps Ive written over the last year. Ive used it in building Apps that make extensive use of Regex expressions, making database queries, file handling, manipulating images with PIL/Pillow and feel confident in its use generally. This is from building Apps with the Django Framework and Ive found that anything I don\u8217\'92t know can be quickly enlightened by the extensive Python and Django Documentation. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Bootstrap}{\loch
 and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Tailwind}{\loch
 were something I }{\loch
explored}{\loch
 early on when learning Web Development. I found them to be fun and easy to pick up. They allow }{\loch
you}{\loch
 to quickly build a website by simply pulling components together and writing fairly simple code. Bootstrap, in my experience is very useful for prototyping, but I also found that the prebuilt components and framework are limited. Inevitably, you always want to add more features or change how things work.  }{\loch
Another aspect I don\u8217\'92t like is how the HTML elements end up with tags containing a large number of Bootstrap and Tailwinds classes which makes the code look c}{\loch
lunky}{\loch
 and unreadable.}{\loch
 So I thought it was better to have a }{\loch
solid}{\loch
 understanding of JavaScript and CSS instead of relying on 3}{\loch\super\loch
rd}{\loch
 party libraries or frameworks.  That way you have complete }{\loch
control}{\loch
 over how }{\loch
the App}{\loch
 looks and behaves, and you can also give }{\loch
it}{\loch
 more individuality. }{\loch
This approach also makes adding features or new functionality much more straightforward.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs32 \ltrch\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\fs32\loch
Software engineering experience}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Previously I have worked as a Software Engineer and a System Tester on many large software development projects at GEC, EDS, BT and National Grid. I began as a Junior Software Engineer at GEC Marcon before working as a Test Engineer writing utility software for the test department, this was done using C++ and C in a Unix environment. After this I worked as a System Tester on various projects for EDS, BT and National Grid. This involved analysing the requirements specification and design documentation then writing Test Cases to test system functionality before executing the tests and raising errors for the developers to fix. The test cycle involved positive, negative and regression testing.  As well as this I took part in team meetings and peer reviewing documentation.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs32\ab \ltrch\loch\fs32\b\loch
Experience of Open Source Software Development}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Open source software development, is software that is distributed alongside the source code and allows collaboration between programmers, testers and users as the project grows and evolves. examples are operating systems like Linux with various different distributions like, Ubuntu, Red Hat and Manjaro, and open source applications like VLC, Libre Office, Krita, Blender as well as the millions of open source software packages found on places like NPM for JavaScript and PyPI for Python.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs32\ab \ltrch\loch\fs32\b\loch
Microservices}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Microservice architecture is used in the development of large software projects by breaking down the functionality into discrete self contained services that communicate with each other through their respective API\u8217\'92s. This allows them to be developed, scaled and deployed independently across multiple platforms and locations. Critical to this is the service contract which defines very clear rules for the use of the microservice and its API. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
The Mail Client App that I developed }{\loch
could be considered an}{\loch
 example of an application that uses a Web Front End microservice, functioning as a Single page Application. Here the app is making asynchronous fetch calls to the backend sever to send and retrieve a users emails through a RESTful API with well defined rules for how to use it and what data is required. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Another example of a Web Front End microservice }{\loch
from my own  experience}{\loch
 Is the Network App I developed. Here the Web Front End is a microservice making Asynchronous Fetch call to the Django REST API and on the other side, the Server is a microservice which receives the fetch request and then queries the database before rendering the }{\loch
query}{\loch
 }{\loch
data }{\loch
as an HTML block and returning it to the Front End.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs32\ab \ltrch\loch\fs32\b\loch
Data Stores and Event Processing}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
On larger scale applications microservices are }{\loch
independent }{\loch
self-contained and may also have their own database depending on their requirements. In addition to this, on large applications where there are many microservices, event processing is }{\loch
necessary}{\loch
. To do this }{\loch
a m}{\loch
icroservice }{\loch
will }{\loch
emit events which other }{\loch
m}{\loch
icroservices subscribe to through event bus handlers like Apache Kafka, When these event are emitted, subscriber services are notified triggering them to carry out some task and perhaps emitting their own event to trigger other microservices. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
For example a large open source software development project such as Cononical might have microservices for the Ubuntu Software Centre, repository management}{\loch
, }{\loch
handling Snap packages, Web Front End, Installation,  Kubernetes }{\loch
etc}{\loch
 and they themselves could possibly be broken down into further microservices if necessary. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
This approach allows easier scalability and continuous integration and deployment of these smaller components enabling faster updates and releases.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs32\ab \ltrch\loch\fs32\b\loch
Integration Between Components}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Integration of the microservice components requires that }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
service contracts}{\loch
 }{\loch
are}{\loch
 established by each service }{\loch
that }{\loch
clearly define how services interact with each other. The}{\loch
se contracts}{\loch
 must provide clearly defined }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
en}{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
d}{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
points}{\loch
 for the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
API}{\loch
, }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
methods}{\loch
 and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
data formats}{\loch
 for communication, with rules for }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
validating data }{\loch
and }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
error handling}{\loch
. In addition to this they may also have to define limits on data with mechanisms to enable }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
throttling}{\loch
 to control requests from clients. }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Versioning}{\loch
 of microservices also needs to be considered to ensure backward compatibility and services don\u8217\'92t break when updates are made. }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Network}{\loch
 control and communication between microservices may also need to be considered.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs32\ab \ltrch\loch\fs32\b\loch
Considerations for Microservices Architecture}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
A key consideration when developing a microservice architecture is the }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
decomposition}{\loch
 of the application, ie how it is broken down into microservice components. Also identifying the boundaries between the services, the data that will be communicated and the methods that will be available to access them. }
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Microservices should }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
autonomous}{\loch
,  allowing independent development , scaling and deployment.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
They should be }{\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
resilient}{\loch
 to failures, implementing fallback mechanisms , such as circuit breakers to prevent a microservice from attempting an operation that is failing, Timeouts, Graceful degradation where a service that relies on a service that is unavailable offers reduced features that don\u8217\'92t rely on that service or providing cached or default values. This will enhance system reliability.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
The microservervice should monitor and log its functions and behaviour to allow tracing of any bugs or unexpected results so that they can be understood and fixed.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs32\ab \ltrch\loch\fs32\b\loch
Maintainability and Reliability}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Commonly, semantic versioning is used to ensure that packages and microservices are able to install specific versions that they rely on to ensure that they are backwards compatible in the event that an update causes a problem. As well as this its important to ensure that the microservice is resilient and the software has undergone methodical testing and validation.}
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar{\loch
On large scale distributed systems its also important that microservices are deployed across multiple servers and data centres to ensure reliability in the event of a server failure. Microservices should also be monitored to track their performance to ensure that they are working optimally.  }
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\ltrpar\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs32\ab \ltrch\loch\fs32\b\loch
Thoughts on Canonical}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs28\ab \ltrch\loch\fs28\b\loch
Canonical\u8217\'92s Mission}
\par \pard\plain \s3\rtlch\af8\afs28\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl2\outlinelevel2\sb140\sa120\keepn\f3\fs28\b\dbch\af7\ql\ltrpar{\rtlch\afs24 \ltrch\loch\fs24
\u8220\'93}{\rtlch\afs24 \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch
To bring free software to the widest audience}{\rtlch\afs24 \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch
\u8221\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
As someone who has been using Ubuntu as my sole OS since 2020 and who has been using it in one form or another for as long as I can remember I can whole heartedly agree with this.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I think Linux and Ubuntu in particular has evolved to a point where it\u8217\'92s becoming a real alternative to Apple and Microsoft with the added bonus of it being entirely free and without strings or contracts. I think this is a noble goal. The open source software that is available is superb and Ive used a fair number of apps like Bluefish, Gimp, Krita, Blender and a host of others.  They\u8217\'92re all }{\loch
excellent}{\loch
 and good replacements for their commercial competitors (at least in my }{\loch
humble opinion}{\loch
)}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I think the main problem as far as Ubuntu goes is that it requires the user to have some level of technical literacy and a willingness to dig into documentation to solve problems, whereas Windows and Apple perhaps don\u8217\'92t have that expectation of their customer base.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
It\u8217\'92s a tricky problem. Perhaps The Software Center, Discover, Snap packages and Flatpaks is the way forward. Another idea might be to make builds for specific purposes. Ubuntu Studio makes a distribution specifically for Audio and Graphics builds, but the installation is a little bloated and last time I looked had some out of date audio plug-ins that cause dependency issues. Its good in that it installs a low-latency kernel but it still leaves you with quite a lot of work to do to get things working. I think this is a good idea though. Making a distribution that focuses on a specific purpose so that once its built you have the software you need and it all just works out of the box. You could have installations for Graphics/Art, Video Production, Gaming, Audio Production, Home Entertainment etc then when someone installs it they have a setup that\u8217\'92s been configured and tested and they don\u8217\'92t have to do anything else and they can just get on with it without ever having to open a terminal. Maybe that\u8217\'92s the acid test. For it to be truly competitive with Apple and Microsoft the user should never have to open a terminal.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I would be happy to work on any area within Canonical where my skills could be of use.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Anyway, Thanks for your consideration}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Your sincerely}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Jef McDonald Ralston}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af8\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang2057\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang2057\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }